chore: update flamingo rotation manual (#1376)
ethereum/trin: book/src/developers/contributing/rotation/index.md

Unlike your code-heavy weeks, this can be an interruption-heavy week. Although it's often good practice to not get distracted by inbound messages while coding, this week is the opposite: as soon as you see new messages (like on Discord), jump into it.

### Kickoff

Have a discussion with the previous Flamingo on any ongoing issues or in-progress tasks. This is crucial to get a quick understanding of the state of the network and any in-progress tasks to resume.

Make sure your status is "online" in Discord. Make sure you're tagged under the `trin-flamingo` role (ping discord Admin). Put on your favorite pink shirt. Watch a [silly flamingo video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gWNWtbPEWw0). Fly.

### First

Read through the "Setup" section of the [Deployment Instructions](../releases/deployment.md) and follow the steps to make sure that your PGP and SSH keys are in place and ready for a deployment.

### Daily

#### Checklist

Every day, go down the daily and items for that day of the week. If you think of new daily things to add to the checklist, create a PR.

- **Daily**
  - Read Discord, especially for help requests or signs of network issues

>   - Monitor [Glados](http://glados.ethportal.net/) changes, and correlate with releases (trin, glados, other clients?)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Monitor [Glados](https://glados.ethdevops.io/) changes, and correlate with releases (trin, glados, other clients?)
```

I know this url was out of date elsewhere in the docs. Might as well update it while you're tweaking.

- Add new integration tools (eg~ portal-hive -> Discord bot?)
- Scratch your own itch! What do you wish was easier? Now is the time to build it.

### Handoff

Look back at your week as Flamingo and summarize it in notes if needed. Prepare for a kickoff discussion with the next Flamingo and update them on your work from previous week.

Especially while we continue to develop the procedure, try to be available the following Monday to help the subsequent Flamingo transition in, and get started.

> Think through: what kinds of things do you think should on the checklist?

Reviewer 2: `do you think should be on the checklist`

> Double check the [Flamingo schedule](https://notes.ethereum.org/@njgheorghita/r1angO2lT) and make sure you're available for your next rotation. If not, please switch with somebody asap.

Reviewer 2: This is also another remnant that isn't actively maintained. 
- I can update the schedule
- Update this to say something like... "estimate when you'll be flamingo next and make sure you're available..."

Author: As I said in the other comment, I think we should restart using it.

And there shouldn't be "estimation" on when next shift should come, meaning that it should always be planned at least one-two months in the future.

I volunteer to take responsibility and make sure we always have a schedule ahead. Others just have to be sure they keep it updated when they change shifts.
